[TextField] Add support for vertical content above input (#5392)
Shopify/polaris: polaris-react/UNRELEASED.md

### Enhancements

- Change types for DataTable `totalsName` prop to allow for ReactNode ([#5454](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/pull/5365/))

> - Added `verticalContent` prop to `TextField` to allow inline vertical content with `max-height` styling and examples ([#5392](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/pull/5392/))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a `verticalContent` prop to `TextField` to support rendering markup above the input value ([#5392](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/pull/5392/))
```
